
Q1: Why might we consider using Git?

Answer: Git allows multiple people to work on one code base, and helps greatly with version control. Multiple 
people can work on different features on their own local machine without conflicts. There are also a lot of extensions
for IDEs that help organize Git and version control. 

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an Example.

Answer: Data science can be very helpful for cybersecurity as the use of AI/ML can help detect
potential risks, predict future attacker behavior, and run analysis on various software components of a company. Since cybersecurity
is an ever-changing field, ML can be especially helpful for understanding what we may encounter in the future.
For best practices, data science must be utilized for research and providing insights to companies on what policies, tools, and frameworks to adapt to secure their online world.

Q3: What is the difference between Merging and Rebasing?

Answer: Both Merging and Rebasing are ways to utilize version control (Git). 
However, a merge creates a dedicated merge commit, preserving the exact history of the codebase.
A rebase rewrites history by moving feature branch commits onto the tip of the main branch, creating a clean line. 
It is best to use merge when adding new features for one branch to the main one while rebase can be used to update a localfeature branch with the latest changes from the main branch.

Q4: What are you looking forward to this semester?

Answer: This is my first real class learning Python at UMD and I took STAT400 last semester and it is interesting seeing how these two intersect. Data science is a field that genuinely interests me and I want to
pursue it further. I have several semester-long projects going on and I am excited to see where they go. I want to be able to connect data, AI/ML to other fields to various roles such as product/project management,
software development, and cybersecurity. I am always looking for new opportunities to build upon my knowledge and grow as as student.
